1.0.0 Stable Release
====================
Published: 2012-09-09 11:29:38pm
Type: link
Tags: dropbox, php

Version 1.0.0 (Stable) build has been released and is now available to install via PEAR or Composer (new with this release).

You can install using the following:

    pear channel-discover pear.dropbox-php.com
    pear install dropbox-php/Dropbox
    
Or by adding the following to your composer.json:

    "require": {
        "dropbox-php/dropbox-php": “1.*”
    }
    

### Changes for this release: ###

- Minor bug fixes
- Added composer support
- PR-13 - DropBox API returns 500 errors rarely. For example, when the thumbnail of the broken picture is acquired etc.
- PR-8 - Methods delta, media, and copy_ref plus additional fixes
- Updated status to “Stable”

### Additional Changes ###
New with this release is the status change to “Stable”.  Since the code has been relatively stable for the last 8 months and the addition of the missing API methods (delta, media, and copy_ref).  I feel this is close enough to be declared stable.  The documentation is still missing, however you can use the unit tests for examples on how to use the various method calls.  Initial composer support has been added and the repository has been setup to notify packagist on code pushes.  However, I haven’t yet tested to confirm I have things fully configured correctly.  Again, since I don’t have very much free time, I don’t know when (or if) I will get around to testing on the composer setup so PEAR is still the recommended way to install the library. 

Special thanks to Naoki Sawada for your work on this release.